project address: https://kkj.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
pronounce:
this is a UGC time. today is a UGC day. 
key words: local information ,LBS, floor, Building

why we exist, how to survival?

the situation: 

1. people can't go anywhere in short time. and other area news not easy be spread to more wide area
even you can know some news by website. you don't know a shop's sales promotion outside 1 mile.
if have such a platform. you can konw any info at home. you can arrangement you time based on know the infomation.
.... 
2. people always have not good memory. it's different to remember all info who hear or watch.
   espacially for website name, first we have ip ,it's not easy to remeber.so domain name be inventioned.
   today. how many domain name you can remeber.the answer is negative. so people rely on the search engine.
   but search engine still not safe for fish website.

3. people know a single activity,always the scatter info.it's not easy to get related info at one place or one website.

our target: one website. one place ,provide all kinds of info which is relate to local information(pet 、 shopping etc. ).   
how we solver this problem.

map to user faimlar area. place will net be foggot.



   map could help member.
   


1. service(which kind of service is faviroted by user.)
2. value ( provide convenience for sales & user? )
   focus the platform,not the content. just like the UGC pattern.
   user fill content.


3. solution (how to provide service to user. design some method.)
4. target groups
   it's not easy to include all infomation. analysing the UGC pattern. 

   show the hot shop by shaking cell phone.
   


detail description
content:
        five categories will be coverd. each category contains very different shop,company. we just provide a platform
to them. the content need to be filled by themself.but we will wirte the different kinds of shop and company.

          1. cloth.
          2. food.
          3. hotel
          4. transion
          5. entertainment
	  6. other(gas station、hospital、bank、park)
      


1. cloth. 
    in this category, all sales place will be included.
    we can add all find type here.
    DBC、mall、roadside shop...(we'd better provide the percent at each type).


design:
    show all building on the map. each build is a real exsit build.
    default radius set to 500 hunder meters. but user can zoom by themself.
scenario:
    1. after you intall the app. the home page is located arround you 500 meters ,and show the hot building to you 
       the hod building (why hot? user message? news? cheap price? somebody give good suggestion)

    2. if user know what's he want. then he can get the correspond type by the navigator which provide cloth,food,hotel,transport and other type(include gas station ,bank atm. and so on)
     
    3. after the user set the search type.then all result(building which even can be a news building) will be showed in the        map, and different building will be located
       
    5. after user touch one of the build. a construct page will be show for him. 
       the description page include( the floor layout, what's news here).
       the building description : which product is good. and the same time ,user can entry any floor or any room
       these room have different function. it could be a food shop or a cloth shop and so on.
    6. after use entry the floor. all rooms will be showed by grid. each grid is a picture which is prepared by shop        owner.
       
    7. user touch the room. then the room's detail will be showed . list all kinds of product info ,user can tap any product for learn detail.(later provide talking or payment function).



 













